For Project 2, we have decided on making a movie theater application. We will be using Hibernate, HTML, CSS, Oracle SQL, Java, Angular JS and AWS. With this application Users can make accounts and login to purchase movie tickets for future dates and can also ask for a reimbursement as long as it is two days before the date they bought the ticket(s) for. Employees can login and put in the amount of walk in ticket purchases they got for each movie.  Managers can login to the system to track the amount of money that each movie made for the week as well as how much revenue the theater got in total for the week. Managers can also determine which theater halls will be playing which movies and see upcoming movies and how long a movie has been playing for to determine the way they will set up their theater. The database we have will be used to save all the movies that are playing, the halls that are in the theater and which movies are playing where.  It will also save the amount each movie got on a daily basis and how many people went to see it. It will hold this in two values, one being walk in purchases and another being people that bought online. Hibernate will be used to connect Java to Oracle SQL for the database information to be collected and displayed, as well as saved and updated. Java will be used to store and update the information that is given from Hibernate or the client and act as a median from our client to our database. HTML, CSS and AWS will be used to give an interface for the user to interact with and do what they need to with our application.  Angular JS will be used to display the objects from our Java program to something that HTML can use and display as well as translate input by the user into information that Java can understand and use to send back to the database using Hibernate.



Hibernate, HTML, CSS, Oracle SQL, Java, Angular JS, Spring and AWS

Movie Theater is a website that users can interact with to buy tickets, get refunds and search movies. Employees can put in amount of people that went to see a specific movie. Managers can review all data, including revenue and specific information based on movies/halls/showtimes, as well as set movies to be played.